[PLAT-1001] Platform overwrites retryStrategy from repository on AWS and GCP Batch (#397)
seqeralabs/docs: platform_versioned_docs/version-22.4/compute-envs/aws-batch.mdx

- If you're using **Spot** instances, then you can also specify the **Cost percentage**, which is the maximum allowed price of a **Spot** instance as a percentage of the **On-Demand** price for that instance type. Spot instances will not be launched until the current spot price is below the specified cost percentage.

> - You can change the the error strategy settings (`errorStrategy`, `maxRetries`) for Batch jobs submitted by Nextflow in **Staging options > Nextflow config**. This ensures you don't incur unneccessary costs. For example:

Author: ```suggestion
- You can specify the the error strategy settings (`errorStrategy`, `maxRetries`) for Batch jobs submitted by Nextflow in **Staging options > Nextflow config**. This ensures you don't incur unnecessary costs. For example:
```
